FAQ.md, before:

# Valour Frequently Asked Questions

## Supporting Valour
### I want to give my money!
You can aid Valour on our [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/valourapp)!
In the future, we will also have a GoFundMe for initial funding such as legal advice, infrastructure and voice chat support.
### I have an issue/suggestion!
If you have a issues/suggestions it is recommended you use the [Valour Github Issues](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour/issues), before creating an issue it is strongly advised you make sure no one else has submitted the issue, check the [Development Board](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/projects/1) for suggestions and [Bug Triage Board](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/projects/2) for bug issues.
### Is there anything I have to worry about if I make something for Valour?
Due to Valour's AGPL3 license, you can modify and use Valour however you want, but it must also be open source. For more info, visit [LICENSE](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/blob/main/LICENSE). 

It is required that you sign commits when working on [Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour), which you can find documentation on [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/managing-commit-signature-verification).
## Features
### Will Valour have a Voice Chat?
It is not planned to have a voice chat until a viable product has released and funding has been received.
#### *Why couldn't you just make people host the voice chats locally?*
Local hosting would not be secure for people as the person hosting it could steal their data. Even if it was encrypted, Valour would have to process and proxy it which would cost money.
### What are planets and systems?
Planets are where your community will be on. There will be chat rooms and categories. Systems are an optional collection of planets. They would be primarily used for large communities or with many separate different sub-communities. For example, a nation roleplay where is multiple nations. Each nation would have its planet and they would be all in the one system for their roleplay.
#### *How will Systems and Planets be organized?*
System roles would be applied to every planet within the system. This would also apply the permission the system user has onto the planet and planets would have their roles as well. This means if someone was a system admin they would also be an admin on planets within the system almost acting like planets within a single planet.
## Valour App
### Will Valour have a mobile version?
Valour will eventually have a mobile version on the App Store and Play Store but as of now there is mobile support on the web if you do want to use it.
### I want an app on a Phone/PC!
There are options to make websites act like apps in browsers like Chrome/Edge on phones and computers.
### Is there going to be a Linux version?
Linux version will be developed once a viable product is achieved. Until then Linux users can use the browser app.
### Will there be custom themes for planets?
You will be able to customize your planets with different themes. It is most likely going to be custom CSS but it might change in the future.
### Will there be bots/automated accounts?
Yes, there will be bots. You can use your account for self-botting as well if you wish. The only requirement needed for making bots is that you ensure they use the AGPL license. Refer to [**I have an issue/suggestion!**](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour/blob/main/FAQ.md#i-have-an-issuesuggestion).
### Can I have sub-categories?
Yes, you can have as many as you want on your planet.
### How will Valour be monetized?
In the future, Valour will be monetized using a subscription for communities and possibly one for specific users as well.
### What will happen to my SpookVooper account?
You will still have to make a Valour account even if you have a SV account. In the future you might be able to use your Valour account to sign into SV.
### How will Valour handle user reports?
Valour will prioritize reports of activity that breaks the law, such as doxxing, illegal material and extortion. Valour will not punish people for being offensive and only assure safety and law.
### Would Valour see my messages?
Valour staff would only have access to private messages if legally required to or if it is required to confirm a user's report of illegal activity.

Commit message:

Fixed reference and improved signed commits part

FAQ.md, after:

# Valour Frequently Asked Questions

## Supporting Valour
### I want to give my money!
You can aid Valour on our [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/valourapp)!
In the future, we will also have a GoFundMe for initial funding such as legal advice, infrastructure and voice chat support.
### I have an issue/suggestion!
If you have a issues/suggestions it is recommended you use the [Valour Github Issues](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour/issues), before creating an issue it is strongly advised you make sure no one else has submitted the issue, check the [Development Board](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/projects/1) for suggestions and [Bug Triage Board](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/projects/2) for bug issues.
### Is there anything I have to worry about if I make something for Valour?
Due to Valour's AGPL3 license, you can modify and use Valour however you want, but it must also be open source. For more info, visit [LICENSE](https://github.com/SpikeViper/Valour/blob/main/LICENSE). 

If you are working on [Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour) it is required that you sign commits. Documentation for signed commits can be found [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/managing-commit-signature-verification).
## Features
### Will Valour have a Voice Chat?
It is not planned to have a voice chat until a viable product has released and funding has been received.
#### *Why couldn't you just make people host the voice chats locally?*
Local hosting would not be secure for people as the person hosting it could steal their data. Even if it was encrypted, Valour would have to process and proxy it which would cost money.
### What are planets and systems?
Planets are where your community will be on. There will be chat rooms and categories. Systems are an optional collection of planets. They would be primarily used for large communities or with many separate different sub-communities. For example, a nation roleplay where is multiple nations. Each nation would have its planet and they would be all in the one system for their roleplay.
#### *How will Systems and Planets be organized?*
System roles would be applied to every planet within the system. This would also apply the permission the system user has onto the planet and planets would have their roles as well. This means if someone was a system admin they would also be an admin on planets within the system almost acting like planets within a single planet.
## Valour App
### Will Valour have a mobile version?
Valour will eventually have a mobile version on the App Store and Play Store but as of now there is mobile support on the web if you do want to use it.
### I want an app on a Phone/PC!
There are options to make websites act like apps in browsers like Chrome/Edge on phones and computers.
### Is there going to be a Linux version?
Linux version will be developed once a viable product is achieved. Until then Linux users can use the browser app.
### Will there be custom themes for planets?
You will be able to customize your planets with different themes. It is most likely going to be custom CSS but it might change in the future.
### Will there be bots/automated accounts?
Yes, there will be bots. You can use your account for self-botting as well if you wish. The only requirement needed for making bots is that you ensure they use the AGPL license. Refer to [**Is there anything I have to worry about if I make something for Valour?**](https://github.com/Vooper-Media-LLC/Valour/blob/main/FAQ.md#is-there-anything-i-have-to-worry-about-if-i-make-something-for-valour)
### Can I have sub-categories?
Yes, you can have as many as you want on your planet.
### How will Valour be monetized?
In the future, Valour will be monetized using a subscription for communities and possibly one for specific users as well.
### What will happen to my SpookVooper account?
You will still have to make a Valour account even if you have a SV account. In the future you might be able to use your Valour account to sign into SV.
### How will Valour handle user reports?
Valour will prioritize reports of activity that breaks the law, such as doxxing, illegal material and extortion. Valour will not punish people for being offensive and only assure safety and law.
### Would Valour see my messages?
Valour staff would only have access to private messages if legally required to or if it is required to confirm a user's report of illegal activity.
